---
title: "My Current Communications Response Matrix"
date: "2016-01-21"
---
Here is a current list on how I think when it comes to responding in various communications mediums.<!--more-->
{{<raw>}}
<table><tbody><tr><td><b>Communications Medium</b></td><td><b>Minimum Response Time</b></td><td><b>Maximum Response Time</b></td><td><b>Exceptions</b></td><td><b>Escalation Path</b></td></tr><tr><td>Work Email</td><td>1 Business Day</td><td>3 Business Days</td><td>Urgent Emails will be handled first in the list. In addition, I will give higher priority to my management for response.</td><td>Call me or come to my office and interrupt</td></tr><tr><td>Personal Email</td><td>1 Day</td><td>5 Days</td><td>Urgent emails and my immediate family emails are handled first</td><td>Phone Call</td></tr><tr><td>Text messaging</td><td>10 minutes</td><td>None</td><td>No Exceptions</td><td>Phone Call</td></tr><tr><td>Phone</td><td>Immediate</td><td>Voicemail Response (Same day)</td><td>If your voicemail doesn't require a response, there may be none until I talk to you.</td><td>Call until you get me. Or find me in person.</td></tr><tr><td>Facebook</td><td>None</td><td>None</td><td>I will get to your message when I get to it. Don't expect me to read your feed and know everything that is going into it.</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Twitter</td><td>None</td><td>None</td><td>No Exceptions (It is a stream of information for consumption)</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Yammer</td><td>None</td><td>5 Business Days</td><td>I process on Yammer weekly, but may look at it every day. &nbsp; If you need a response from me in less than a week, you might try another medium</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Team Rooms</td><td>Immediate</td><td>5 Business Days</td><td>If I am in the team room, I will respond immediately. &nbsp; Otherwise, I will review weekly.</td><td>N/A</td></tr><tr><td>Skype for Business</td><td>Same Day</td><td>N/A</td><td>If I miss the conversation, it will go to my email. &nbsp; At that point work email rules apply.</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>
{{</raw>}}
